Updated COLLECTIONS_4.rst to include ansible-inclusion repo link for new collection submission (#73582)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/roadmap/COLLECTIONS_4.rst

=================

> :2021-01-26: New Collections will be reviewed for inclusion in Ansible 4. Request to include new collection can be submitted `here <https://github.com/ansible-collections/ansible-inclusion>`_.

Reviewer: We should avoid using non-descriptive link titles such as `here`. Maybe this is better:
```suggestion
:2021-01-26: New Collections will be reviewed for inclusion in Ansible 4. `Requests to include new collections can be submitted <https://github.com/ansible-collections/ansible-inclusion/discussions/new>`_.
```
(I also adjusted the link to directly create a new discussion.)

> :2021-01-26: New Collections will be reviewed for inclusion in Ansible 4. Request to include new collection can be submitted to this `github discussion <https://github.com/ansible-collections/ansible-inclusion/discussions/new>`_.

Reviewer 2: GitHub Discussion

> :2021-01-26: New Collections will be reviewed for inclusion in Ansible 4. Request to include new collection can be submitted to this `GitHub Discussion <https://github.com/ansible-collections/ansible-inclusion/discussions/new>`_.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
:2021-01-26: New Collections will be reviewed for inclusion in Ansible 4. Submit a request to include a new collection in this `GitHub Discussion <https://github.com/ansible-collections/ansible-inclusion/discussions/new>`_.
```
